There's actually a room here
This looks like a woman's boudoir
But what kind of woman would live in a place like this?
Compared to who lives here
I'm more curious
Why did the clue left by the second uncle lead here?
Forget it. We don't have much time
Hurry up and find clues
Find it separately
Why are there so many children's clothes?
Brother, come and see what I found
Second year of the Qing Dynasty
Handong is suspected of rebellion
The court ordered to send someone to attack
The Chu family does not obey
A war broke out between the two sides
In the end, the family is full of people
Please two years
Chu Jiang
But it doesn't seem to have anything to do with the Sun family.
Does it matter? Just go back and check it out.
This case should have been judged by the Criminal Department back then
There are files in the Criminal Department
I'll suddenly check it when I go back.
What's wrong big brother
It's nothing, I should be overthinking it. Let's go